README.md, before:

# IDS2024S

**IDS2024S, Introduction to Data Science, Spring 2024**  
**Name:** Rosie Guzman  
**School ID:** 1001837015   
**Email:** rosie.guzman@mavs.uta.edu    
**Department:** University Studies  
**University:** The University of Texas at Arlington  
**Level:**  Junior (3rd year)  
**Position Title:** Student  
**Course Webpage:** [IDS2024S](www.cdslab.org)  
**Photo:**  
![A photo of Rosie](https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/-K7jvRKlNIJsgPxiouSy6jimwEU8LSStZpPurx6Z3UCIUOybtX6QQLiLMo2Nwtnn_a1gCSCjH8g28tTmHXjrTD5Hga3TNYPJT6SZoaOpoShr8zvWPeBG_V32B6irCZaz_fSNxU3xMhYipRLCpnoPIVs)  

This repository contains my homework, quizzes, and virtually every effort that I have made for <course name>. The structure of the project is the following:  

+ [homework](./hw): This directory contains all my homework submissions, each of which is a folder properly named with homework number, containing the homework submission.  
+ [quiz](./quiz): This directory contains all my quiz submissions, each of which is a folder properly named with quiz number, containing the quiz submission.  
+ [exam](./exam): This directory contains all my exam submissions, each of which is a folder properly named with exam name or number, containing the exam submission.  

> I have not failed. I have just found 1000 ways that won't work.  
> Thomas Edison  

For questions and troubleshooting, contact:  
Rosie Guzman  
rosie.guzman@mavs.uta.edu

Commit message:

My first change done in laptop.

README.md, after:

# IDS2024S

**IDS2024S, Introduction to Data Science, Spring 2024**  
**Name:** Rosie Guzman  
**School ID:** 1001837015   
**Email:** rosie.guzman@mavs.uta.edu    
**Department:** University Studies  
**University:** The University of Texas at Arlington  
**Level:**  Junior (3rd year)  
**Position Title:** Student  
**Course Webpage:** [IDS2024S](www.cdslab.org)  
**Photo:**  
![A photo of Rosie](https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/-K7jvRKlNIJsgPxiouSy6jimwEU8LSStZpPurx6Z3UCIUOybtX6QQLiLMo2Nwtnn_a1gCSCjH8g28tTmHXjrTD5Hga3TNYPJT6SZoaOpoShr8zvWPeBG_V32B6irCZaz_fSNxU3xMhYipRLCpnoPIVs)  

This repository contains my homework, quizzes, and virtually every effort that I have made for <course name>. The structure of the project is the following:  

+ [homework](./hw): This directory contains all my homework submissions, each of which is a folder properly named with homework number, containing the homework submission.  
+ [quiz](./quiz): This directory contains all my quiz submissions, each of which is a folder properly named with quiz number, containing the quiz submission.  
+ [exam](./exam): This directory contains all my exam submissions, each of which is a folder properly named with exam name or number, containing the exam submission.  

> I have not failed. I have just found 1000 ways that won't work.  
> Thomas Edison  

For questions and troubleshooting, contact:  
Rosie Guzman  
rosie.guzman@mavs.uta.edu

This is a message from laptop command line.
